OCPBUGS#12214: Add example for bond+vlan (#59345)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-example-nmstate-multiple-interfaces.adoc

You can create multiple interfaces in the same node network configuration policy. These interfaces can reference each other, allowing you to build and deploy a network configuration by using a single policy manifest.

The following example snippet creates a bond that is named `bond10` across two NICs and VLAN that is named `bond10.103` that connects to the bond.

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: nmstate.io/v1
kind: NodeNetworkConfigurationPolicy
metadata:
  name: bond-vlan
spec:
  nodeSelector:
    kubernetes.io/hostname: dell-per740-14.rhts.eng.pek2.redhat.com
  desiredState:
    interfaces:
    - name: bond10

>       description: Bonding eth2 and eth3 for Linux bridge

Reviewer: Description needs to be updated.

      type: bond
      state: up
      link-aggregation:
        mode: balance-rr
         options:
          miimon: '140'
        port:
        - eth2
        - eth3
    - name: bond10.103
      description: vlan using bond10
      type: vlan
      state: up
      vlan:
         base-iface: bond10
         id: 103
      ipv4:
        address:

>         - ip: 33.103.3.10

Reviewer: Maybe just use DHCP so we don't have to use specific IPs. In that case, this section would look like:
```
ipv4:
  dhcp: true
  enabled: true
```

You can create multiple interfaces in the same node network configuration policy. These interfaces can reference each other, allowing you to build and deploy a network configuration by using a single policy manifest.

> The following example snippet creates a bond that is named `bond10` across two NICs and VLAN that is named `bond10.103` that connects to the bond.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example YAML file creates a bond that is named `bond10` across two NICs and VLAN that is named `bond10.103` that connects to the bond.
```

Reviewer 2: @snarayan-redhat changing from "snippet" to "YAML file" eliminates ambiguity and continues the term used in the prior YAML example.

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: nmstate.io/v1
kind: NodeNetworkConfigurationPolicy
metadata:
  name: bond-vlan <1>
spec:
  nodeSelector: <2>
    kubernetes.io/hostname: <node01> <3>
  desiredState:
    interfaces:
    - name: bond10 <4>
      description: Bonding eth2 and eth3 <5>
      type: bond <6>
      state: up <7>
      link-aggregation:

>         mode: balance-rr <8>

Reviewer 3: Correct, no `"` needed.  It was a false-positive syntax highlight in vs.code.

>         mode: balance-rr <8>

Author: if everything else looks good, can you provide an lgtm?

>          options:

Reviewer 3: bad YAML?
 `options:` should be same indent as `mode:`?

Author: yes, that's right. Made the correction.

>          miimon: '140' <9>

Reviewer 3: micro-nit, I think we use two spaces for indent. `miimon:` is one space indented.

Author: Thanks for catching that!
